ok you're on me hi my name is Leah
prudhomme I'm elite triathlete for maple
grove cycling sponsored by truck and a
photo cycling today I was practicing for
Half Ironman distance coming up and I
earn a nice I was swimming in Duluth
Minnesota island lake the temperature
was warm you swam out to the island a
friend of mine and I and back towards my
dad's house who was an island like I'd
my wetsuit on a bit cantana r you
sleeveless and on the way back there was
a bog and by the bog I thought I got bit
by a muskie or a fish in my foot because
there's a puncture bite into my heel and
I kicked as you can see it bit through
the heel and then into the hand on the
ball of the foot and then what ended up
I discovered in the dark water was there
was a muskrat or an otter and not for
sure and it continued to bite over and
over and over my shins my back my legs
it got my other leg here and here that
just puncture wounds now understand that
I was wearing a full size wetsuit and if
you can see this is these aren't
fingermark holes these are actually
shredded by the otter as it was
attacking and basically came through the
rubber the neoprene it would dive
underwater as I was splashing and
screaming at it and it would come back
up and bite me in the back there's one
spot on my back and the thigh and it
caused a lot of panic it's about
generally just wouldn't stop wouldn't
stop for 10 min driving into the water
diving under the water and coming up and
biting me and diving into the water at
one point it grabbed onto my ankle and I
think it punctured the bone just
slightly and I shook it off my ankle and
was kicking at it viciously and
screaming at it and then I didn't know
where it was going to go next it dive
under the water and it would bite me
again and dive under the water and fight
me again and took some pretty good
chunks out of the wetsuit thank God that
wasn't my flesh otherwise I would be in
a lot more pain than I am but
I'm here with a pretty much shredded
front-to-back cantana a wetsuit and i'll
be looking to replace that before my
next race but i am at the st. Luke's
Hospital and will be gettin some kind of
shots and medical attention so for the
Northland Leah Prudhomme i'm signing off